# explaining my decisions:

## the stack:
my first inportastnt decision was choosing the correct stack for this kind of project. my first go was to use actual SQL db wrapped with docker container with docker-comppose (so evaluators can test the project themselves). this seemed like a bit of an overkill for this size or project. I consolted Gemini who recommended SQLite. I read a bit about it and once I made sure I would be able to use transactions using SQLite - I decided to go for it.

## the architecture
another big thing one to figure aout the best way to make sure we are handling money transactions the best way possible. that of caurse means using transactions, but I had other ideas too. for example - when a client requests a deposit, what would happen if the server crashes *after* handling the request but *before* telling the client the request went through? my idea was to create 2 different operetions in the server. the first one gets tthe requst and creates a new db entity with that request details. this operation doesnt return a "OK" message to the user, but the ID of the request. the other one gets the request details and operates them. one complete it updats that request in the db to be "completed = true".
once the client got the id, it statrs polling the server about that id. the server returns to the client the value of "completed" of that request in the db. 
that way the client can be sure that it knows exactly what is the situation with it's request.

## AI usage
my philosofy with AI usage in coding is the one I learned in the army. when the code is so important it has to save lives - the deevloper must know everything that happens on their code. not a single line they cant explain. on the other hand, AI is a great power and a great time - saver. so most of the units in the army allow the usage of AI under strong limits.
1 - you dont give it access to the project
2 - you dont let it decide about the architecture of the project
3 - any letter generated by the AI should be as one you wrote yourself
4 - IT makes YOU faster and smarter. not the other way
5 - there is no blind copy - paste from the AI chat. you read the code, understanf it, ask questions - than you can write it yourself into the project

in simple terms - AI is NOT writing your code. its basically a faster, more personalized version of stack overflow ( RIP :(  )

## Swagger
since this project is only backend, I wanted reviewers to have a friendly way to check the server. I remembered I once used a tool called Swagger on one of my projects. I read about it a bit to see I remember how to use it and asked Geemini if there's a similar tool that would be a better fit to my project that I never heard of. when I saw Swagger is my best choice, I added it to my project. its designed to be added in a simple manner that doesnt effect the architecture so adding it was a simple choice of UX, not an actual architectual decision.
